replaced hard-coded versions (#3745)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/web/push_notifications/integration.md

## Soft push prompt

A soft push prompt (also known as a "push primer") helps optimize your opt-in rate when it comes to asking for permission.

> To learn more about setting up a Soft Push Prompt, [click here][push-primer].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [Soft push prompt][push-primer] to learn more about setting up a soft push prompt.
```
